[Messenger] Reset peak memory usage for each message (#60018)
symfony/symfony: src/Symfony/Component/Messenger/CHANGELOG.md

 * Add `Symfony\Component\Messenger\Middleware\DeduplicateMiddleware` and `Symfony\Component\Messenger\Stamp\DeduplicateStamp`
 * Add `--class-filter` option to the `messenger:failed:remove` command
 * Add `$stamps` parameter to `HandleTrait::handle`

>  * Add `Symfony\Component\Messenger\EventListener\ResetMemoryUsageListener` to reset PHP’s peak memory usage for each processed message

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Add `Symfony\Component\Messenger\EventListener\ResetMemoryUsageListener` to reset PHP's peak memory usage for each processed message
```
